doc: vsc: modify option name (#9748)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/shortcuts.txt

.. ### VSC shortcuts

> .. |vsc_extension_instructions| replace:: The |nRFVSC| is a complete IDE for developing applications compatible with the nRF Connect SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |vsc_extension_instructions| replace:: The |nRFVSC| is a complete IDE for developing applications compatible with the |NCS|.
```
